hi I'm mark poker with alter-ego comics
here with a quick product spotlight of
one of the latest additions to the
alter-ego comic store the MS marvel
Premium Format figure from Sideshow
Collectibles MS Marvel of course is an
Avenger she's been a star jammer and her
incarnation as binary which would be
kind of cool as an exclusive for
retailer sideshow just a heads up and
she stole rogues powers at one point so
she was kind of an enemy of the x-men
and later became friend of the x-men so
she's been in the Marvel Universe for a
very long time and this is really the
first large-scale statue we've seen of
MS marvel as I said she is an Avenger
and the base of this piece reflects that
with the Avengers logo now I'm kind of
curious to see what sideshow does down
the road with future Avengers Premium
Format figures whether they stick with
the same base or go with something
different but it would be kind of nice
to have the consistency of an Avengers
logo base for all of the Avengers
Premium Format figures the Premium
Format line is my personal favorite it's
one it's a line that I actually collect
myself depending on the character but I
do it because of the scale because of
the size the detail that you get to see
on Premium Format figures what you
really don't see in anything else and
they're just cool Premium Format uses
mixed media and in this case we've got
cloth her costume is cloth and we've got
poly stone which makes up the rest of
the piece here the statue stands about
18 inches tall 20 if you include the
base so it's a pretty imposing piece I
think that sideshow did a great job with
the paint with the costume capturing a
good pose from is marble and you know
the the likeness is that this right on
like it came right out of the comic book
again this one was just recently
released we do have an in stock at all
Torino comics and there are a bunch of
new Marvel Premium Format figures
they're going to be coming down the road
from sideshow including the black cat
from the spider-man universe she-hulk
who was an Avenger and a member of the
Fantastic Four and we're gonna be seeing
some Marvel movie Premium Format figures
like the Thor movie Premium Format
figure
coming down the road so keep your eyes
open for that and check back at
alter-ego comics calm for future
additions to the premium format line
thanks for watching